We have set up our project and
now we're going to add some data
into it. There are a few ways we
could do this and in this video
we're going to show you the
first way and that's to go into
the Map tab,
then into the Layer section
and now we can click on the Add
Data dropdown box and this is
going to give us a lot of
options for adding in data. We
just want to choose the first
option here which is add data to
the map
and now we need to find the
folder where we saved our
materials and so here is intro
Arcgis Pro. So I'm going to
click on this and here are the
materials. And so if we go into
this folder here
we can see now all the data
layers that are within this
folder
and we want to choose the Ziama
landscape shape file. So find
this file
and double click on it to load
it up.
And now we've added in that data
layer. ArcGIS Pro has
automatically zoomed in on it
and so we can see the full
extent of that data layer and
that is the first method for
adding data in.